Scripts to assist in the management of local and remote Drupal 6 and 7 updates via Subversion.

Author: Chad Kieffer, ckieffer at gmail dot com

These scripts currently supports one local instance of Drupal 6 and one instance of Drupal 7. Save 
Drupal core and module updates to a standard directory and run the appropriate script.


OVERVIEW

drupal_update.sh does the following:

Before using the update Drupal core script, be sure that you've set your Subversion repository to ignore local files that you don't want to add (i.e. settings.php, symlinks, etc.). If you don't, the script may add and commit files you don't want in your repo. With that out of the way, here are the scripts and a what they do.

1) Moves the core update package to tmp and unpacks it.
2) Removes the .htaccess and sites/example.sites.php files.
3) Zips the modified core package and unpacks over the local install.
4) SVN adds any new files.
5) Pauses and prompts you to run update.php locally and test.
6) Checks in the modified and new files upon confirmation.
7) Prompts to run SVN update against the remote installation.

drupal_module_update.sh does the following:

1) Moves the module update package to either sites/all/modules or sites/yourdomain.com/modules and 
unpacks it.
2) SVN adds any new files.
3) Pauses and prompts you to run update.php locally and test.
4) Checks in modified and new files upon confirmation. 
5) Prompts to run SVN update against the remote installation.


CONFIGURATION AND USE

1) Remove the .default extension froma drupal_info.sh

2) Edit drupal_info.sh, add local and remote path information for your Drupal 6 and 7 instance. 
Add SSH server and username for remote server.

3) Download Drupal core/module updates to $DownloadsPath, then run one of the following:

% drupal_update.sh         < Update Drupal core installation 

% drupal_module_update.sh  < Update shared or site-specific module 


ROADMAP

- Delete deprecated package files from SVN via svn remove.
- Provide Drush integration to initiate update.php, etc.
- Cleanup and release a "create new multisite instance" script.
- Add theme update/install support.


CHANGE LOG

2011-02-11 version 0.8
- Added support for Drupal 7. 
- Auto-detect version.
- Automatically add new files for Drupal core updates.
- Fix include of drupal_info.sh to allow aliased script execution to work.
